Your job is to look to see there's
actually an email address,
to make sure the password is present when
the email has been filled in, right?
And then to look at that
sign up button as well and
make sure we're navigating
to the page there as well.
So try some of these out for yourself too.
And so you can, whichever method
is most appealing to you, if
you like checking the property, great, if
you wanted to read the message, also fine.
But go through and
figure out how to make sure that the email
address is really an email address.
And that they do fill an email address and
they hit submit,
then we should yell at them that they
need to include a password as well.